1You head back to the parade where you were originally knocked out.
1You look up to notice the towering factory that you just left.
1At its top is a balcony where you see Santa Claus look out from.
1There he has a microphone and cameras connected to a giant screen at the top of the factory.
1You can see his face on the screen for miles.
1"Hohoho..." he says in a monotone, almost depressed tone. 
1The militeristic elves hault.
1"So uh..." 
1He turns around to an elf behind him.
1"What was I supposed to say again?"
1"'Glory to the North Pole,' sir."
1You recognize the elf's voice.
1That's the elf who sent you to work in the factory earlier!
1"Do I have to?" asks Santa Claus
1"Can I just go home?"
1"This dictatorship seems stupid-"
1"IT IS NOT!" yells the elf.
1"Goodness! Fine..."
1Santa Claus turns back to the microphone and the crowd
1"Anyway... right here in my hand I have a page of the constitution of the EMUSA"
1"Not sure what I'm supposed to do with it, but apparently it'll give us more power."
1The elf interjects, "Sound more energetic!"
1"This was your idea! You should present it!" says Santa.
1"You're Santa Claus! Of course you present it!"
1The two of them start bickering.
`Run upstairs and take the page`Try to get Santa's attention from down there
1Quickly, you run up about 26 flights of stairs.
1You break into Santa's penthouse and catch both Santa and the elf off guard.
1Santa appathetically exclaims, "oh my."
1"What do you want?" Santa asks.
1You point to the constitution.
1"Oh sure-"
1The elf gives him an intimidating glare
1"I mean" he sighs, "you're going to have to take it from me."
2Quickly, you run into the dead middle of the parade and pull off a radical kickflip.
2Everyone, even Santa, is amazed by it.
2"Hey! That was pretty cool!" says Santa.
2Santa jumps off of the balcony and falls 26 stories completely unscaved.
2He approaches to shake your hand but then the elf falls down to stop him.
2The elf yells, "You! You're supposed to be working right now!"
2"What do you even want here?" asks Santa
2You point to the constitution.
2"Oh sure-"
2The elf gives him an intimidating glare
2"I mean" he sighs, "you're going to have to take it from me."